- Previously on
"The Hunting Party"...
- It's called the Pit.
It's home to the most
dangerous and violent
criminals in history.
all of whom the world believes
are dead.
Or at least it was
until the blast hit.
- I didn't serve. and I haven't
been in the field.
That was the first time
I've ever drawn a weapon.
You were impressive.
- Are you gonna ask me out.
or what?
- No.
Maybe.
- You really think Lazarus
attacked Cyrus's convoy?
- I do.
- We still don't have proof.
- Well. we need to find some.
- You know what else I love
about this city?
About Boulder?
- Yeah. what?
- The cops on bicycles.
How intimidating is that?
All right. pull over.
Ching. ching. ching. ching.
What do they do when
they arrest somebody?
All right. in the basket.
You can always tell
the rookie cops.
They're the ones with playing
cards in their spokes.
Halt!
Diggy. diggy. diggy. diggy.
- Well. thank you. folks.
Hope you have
a wonderful evening.
Say goodbye. Marvin.
- Goodbye. Marvin.
You've been great.
Thank you.
Great crowd tonight. kid.
Break a leg.
Or a string.
- All right. all right.
Please welcome to the stage
our next performer--
a debut. in fact.
Put your hands together
for Dylan Myles and Lil Barney.
- Hello.
This is--this is Barney.
I'm Dylan.
So. um. Barney.
what did you do last weekend?
- I met a girl.
Didn't go very well.
- Oh. no.
What happened. Barney?
She said I was too stiff.
W-what? Um--
Why?
I mean.
why did she think
you were too stiff?
- Because I'm made of wood.
dummy.
- Bring Marvin back out.
yeah?
- Looks like someone--
like someone--
Get off the stage. loser.
- Somebody should teach
that guy a lesson.
- I was thinking
the same thing.
- Want to hear a joke?
What's black and blue
and red all over?
- You are.
- I'd be interested in
eating Thai.
maybe Italian.
something like--
- It doesn't matter what we
think we know about Lazarus.
Without definitive proof
that she was involved
in the attack on the convoy.
we have nothing.
Then we get something.
Hey. she's way too smart
to leave a paper trail.
- Well.
anything she does have--
flash drives.
hard copies. whatever--
they'd be stashed at her place.
which...
only one of us has access to.
- Mm.
- So what are you gonna do?
Invite yourself over
and search her place
while she burns
another lasagna?
- Shane. this is way too risky.
No.
- Why does dinner need
to be at her place?
If Shane invites
her out somewhere.
you two can go in.
have a look around
while he keeps her occupied.
- I mean.
I can text her right now.
I'll have eyes on her
the whole time.
I can text you guys
when we're leaving.
make sure you got plenty
of time to get out.
- All right. fine.
- All right.
Done.
- Go for Hassani.
- Hey. are you sure?
- Of course.
- That was Peck.
We got work.
- What have we got?
- Puppet maker was shot
in his workshop
near Rapid City. South Dakota.
- Did you say puppet maker?
- I sure did.
- We don't have crime
scene photos yet.
but that's our victim.
Nicholas Fletcher.
He's currently in
a medically-induced coma.
but fingerprints at the scene
match Pit inmate H71.
- Ah. Dylan Myles.
- You want to take it
from here?
- Yeah.
Believe it or not.
our fugitive killer here.
Mr. Myles.
was actually
an aspiring comedian.
- Of course.
because murder is hilarious.
- Mm.
As a kid. he was diagnosed with
delayed language development
and selective mutism.
He was completely non-verbal
until nearly ten years old.
- That must have been tough
on the playground.
- The real breakthrough
happened when he started
communicating through
one of his sister's dolls.
a common form
of projective play.
As he matured.
he developed the capacity
to communicate for himself.
but he still felt
more comfortable speaking
through his proxies.
- But when did he go
from talking dolls to murder?
- June 5. 2015.
- Dylan would perform
at small comedy clubs
all over the Midwest.
All of his victims
were people who
heckled him during the show.
He'd wait for a month
or even up to a year
before enacting revenge.
- I can really see the anger.
- And the humiliation.
All he wanted was to connect
with people through his act.
which is why when he got
teased or heckled.
he would return the humiliation
he felt on the victims tenfold.
which is why
a lot of the crime scenes
happened in a public place.
He wanted his victims
to be seen.
He wanted them to be remembered
in their final moments
of indignity.
- Says here he killed
seven victims
over a two-year period.
Is there any chance
Dylan knew this dollmaker guy
from back in the day?
- We're looking into it.
Get going to the crime scene.
We'll send you what we find.
- Ah.
Hello?
- We're closed.
- Excuse me.
W-who are you?
- I'm a big fan of your work.
- I know what you're doing.
- Where's Barney?
These are not mine.
Where's Barney?
- I know what you're doing.
I know what you're doing!
- Where's Barney?
Where's Barney?
- What's you name?
- Peter.
- It's nice to meet you.
- What does a guy have to do
to get a drink around here?
- You're funny.
- No. I'm not.
I'm hilarious.
- I think we've had
a breakthrough. Dylan.
- You know.
he's really good at that.
I couldn't even see
his mouth move.
- Um. that's what
ventriloquism is.
- Dude's doing group therapy
with himself.
As far as Pit treatments go.
that feels pretty normal.
I mean. look.
the dolls are weird.
but we've seen womb therapy.
- Yeah. well.
according to his file.
typical therapies failed
to yield any results.
And Dylan refused to speak
to the Pit doctors.
so eventually they leaned
into his comfort zone.
There's a precedent.
It's a variation
of gestalt therapy's
empty chair technique.
- I heard of that.
Basically. the patient
has a conversation
with an empty chair.
which is supposed to represent
the person
he has a conflict with.
giving them a chance to talk
out their repressed emotions.
- Yeah. you're right.
So. Dylan. with the dummies.
it allowed him to feel in
control of every conversation.
allowing him
to externalize his inner world.
- Because he can play
patient and therapist.
- He even went so far
as to name the dummies.
According to this.
Peter and Debbie had
fully developed personalities.
So while Dylan's playing
therapy with the dummies.
the doctors have
a unique insight
into his core trauma.
which was the public shame
of being teased.
- I can't really remember
the first time he teased me.
I was six or eight.
- What do you remember?
- Anger.
- He shouldn't have
treated you that way.
- He got what he deserved.
I punched him in the stomach.
watched him gasp for air.
It was hilarious.
Hey. Dylan.
want to hear a joke?
- Sure. Peter. I'd love to.
- What's the difference between
a Lamborghini and a dead body?
- I don't know. what?
- I've never had
a Lamborghini in my garage.
- All right.
that's enough of that.
We get the point.
- Well. at least he's not
smashing the dummies. yeah?
- Well. speaking of.
it says here these dolls were
handmade by Nicholas Fletcher.
- Wait. the guy who Dylan
just put in a coma?
- He was special ordered
by Pit doctors.
- You think Dylan knew that?
- That's right.
Nicholas Fletcher signs
the head stick
on every doll he ever made.
- I've been his assistant
for five years now.
I can't believe
this happened to him.
The guy is a legend.
Nicholas Fletcher is
the preeminent figure maker
in the United States.
You ever heard of Slappy Sammy?
Jeff Miller uses him
in his act.
and Nicholas made him.
- So if you're in this world.
you've definitely
heard of Nicholas.
- Oh. yeah.
- Whoa.
Thought this guy liked dolls.
- Victim's blood.
- This is definitely
not what I expected.
Pre-Pit Dylan. he would
beat his victims to death.
but then leave their homes
relatively untouched.
Now he's shooting an old man
without laying a hand on him
and trashing the whole shop?
- It's like his early days
at the Pit when he was
smashing all his puppets.
- Why come all the way here
to do that. though?
- None of these look
like Debbie or Peter.
- OK. you're Dylan.
You leave the Pit and you
lose your ventriloquist dummies
in the blast.
So you look up the guy
that made them.
You come here to repair
or replace them.
- But you don't find
what you're looking for.
So you go nuts
and you trash the place.
- So where does
Dylan go from here?
- I think Dylan came here to
find another Peter and Debbie.
and I don't think he's gonna
stop looking until he does.
Give me a sec.
- Hi.
I'm so sorry to bother you.
I need to see Nicholas's
sales records.
names. numbers.
anyone who might have bought
a dummy from him.
- I told the cops already.
Nicholas's ledger. it's gone.
- What about computer records?
- No. Nicholas is old school.
He only keeps
handwritten records.
Sorry.
- Thank you.
Hey. guys.
Looks like Dylan stole
Fletcher's sales ledger.
If he's looking
for another Debbie and Peter--
- That means anyone who's
ever bought either of them
is in danger.
- Hey. Morales. I need
you to scrub the internet.
Look for anyone who's
posted about or with
a Peter and Debbie dummy.
- On it.
- Keep us posted. OK?
- OK. get you something
when I have it.
- Got another one.
Gary. Indiana.
- Me too.
Galveston. Texas.
- But none of them are
Peter or Debbies.
- All right. get me addresses.
I'll send the black and whites
to keep a lookout.
- I had no idea so many
people had talking dolls.
- Figures.
- What does?
- No. the community prefers
the term figures over dolls.
- Oh. crud.
- What is it?
- A woman named Jane Hines
was just found shot dead
in her home 20 minutes
from Fletcher's shop.
- Is it our guy?
- He was carrying
a wooden figure.
- Yeah. that'll do it.
All right. get this to Bex.
I'll call the locals
and give them a heads up
that the team's on the way.
- Jane didn't have any enemies.
Everyone loved my sister.
- I'm sure they did. ma'am.
Y'all must be the Feds.
We heard you were coming.
- Yeah. your sergeant
already briefed us.
We'll take it from here.
- I'm sorry
for your loss. ma'am.
- Why don't you
give me a minute?
- Sure. yeah.
- It's Kari. right?
- Yes.
- Do you mind if I ask you
a couple questions?
- Of course.
But I don't know anything.
- You might know more
than you think.
This might sound odd.
but did your sister own
any dolls made by a man
named Nicholas Fletcher?
- A doll?
No.
Jane really wasn't
the doll type.
- What is it?
- Well. that name.
Nicholas Fletcher--
I've heard it before.
- It's Lazarus.
Says she leaves
for DC tomorrow.
but she's down
for dinner tonight
if we make it back in time.
- Well. sounds like
she's taking the bait.
Nice work.
- Hey.
So turns out
Jane didn't own a dummy.
she was the inspiration
for one.
- What?
- According to the sister. she
met Nicholas at a county fair.
and he asked if she would
model for one of the dummies.
- Debbie the dummy
is based on Jane.
I don't know why.
but that makes all of this
a lot creepier.
- So maybe Dylan shows up.
looking to meet
the real-life version
of his doll.
He freaks her out. things
go bad. and he kills her.
- I mean. if a guy's showing up
at my front doorstep
saying he lived
in a missile silo
for eight years playing
with a doll version of me.
yeah. I think he might be nuts.
- Yeah. sure.
But if Jane rejected him
or called him crazy.
why didn't he beat her like
he did all the other victims
who humiliated him?
- No. you're right.
Shooting her in the head is
perfunctory. not rage-driven.
- But even if Dylan just came
here looking for answers.
how did he even know
about this woman?
- I spoke to Ronnie.
Nicholas Fletcher's assistant.
Apparently what makes every
Nicholas Fletcher dummy
so special is the fact
that they're
all based off of real people.
That ledger wasn't
just a bill of sales.
it had a record of every real
person whose likeness he used.
- And now Dylan has that too.
OK. so if Jane is the basis
for the Debbie dummy.
then we need to figure out who
the inspiration for Peter is.
That's where he's going next.
- I actually like you
a lot more now. Jeff.
So was it love at first sight?
- Pretty much.
- I asked Nicholas Fletcher
very nicely
to make me another Peter doll.
Huh.
And he still refused.
- Are you gonna let me go
when you're done?
Please. talk to me.
- That scar is new.
What happened?
- R-rock climbing.
- Hmm.
Interesting.
I hear it's very dangerous.
- Please. stay still.
Peter needs to look
just like you.
- Hey.
You get something?
- Yeah. speaking to Fletcher's
assistant got me thinking.
So I checked into
Jane's finances.
- Smart. And?
- And in Jane's bank statement.
I found a $500 money order
that Fletcher sent
to her back in 2015.
- So we can now then go--
- Already did.
- Here are all the money orders
that Nicholas Fletcher
ever sent.
And here are who
he sent them to.
- Morales. can you enlarge
four in.
second row from the bottom?
Kind of looks like
the Peter doll. right?
- Keith Jones.
- Looks like
he's a Nebraska native.
Lives just over the Wyoming
state line in Scottsbluff.
- I'll tell the team.
- Then get your gun.
You too. Ben.
We're way closer
than Bex and the team.
I'll tell them we got this.
- Ben.
- Looks like Dylan took off.
Gun!
- Peck's hit.
- Which way?
- He went out the back.
You're gonna be OK.
Just hang in there. John.
We're gonna get you
to a hospital.
You got this.
- Dylan's in the wind.
He had a car stashed out back.
I lost him.
How is he?
He needs a hospital.
Hep me get him outside.
- OK.
- We passed a hospital
in Bluffside.
just a few miles back.
- Stay here.
Secure the scene.
Tell Bex and the guys
what happened.
We need to find Dylan.
- OK.
One sec.
- Yo.
- Can you guys see me OK?
- Yeah. we got you. Ben.
What's up?
- What happened?
- Dylan ambushed us.
Keith was dead
before we got here.
and Peck got shot.
- What?
Is he OK?
- Where did he get hit?
- Bullet clipped him
in the side.
He was bleeding a lot.
- OK.
Why aren't you with him?
- Morales is taking him
to the hospital.
She asked me to stay behind
and walk you
through the crime scene.
- Love that woman.
All right. give it to us.
- You seeing all this?
- Uh-huh.
Oh. what's that?
- What?
- No. back.
The box on the table.
Yeah.
- It looks like
a doll-making kit.
Eyeballs. paint--
Dylan stole it
from Nicholas Fletcher's shop.
- He's remaking the dummies.
He lost Peter and Debbie
in the blast.
so now he's visiting
the inspirations
that they were based on
in order to remake them.
I mean. look at the kit.
You don't lug that around
unless you're using it.
There were some unfinished.
blank-faced dummies
at the workshop.
That's why he went there.
So now he's got the dummy.
the dummy-making kit.
He's remade Peter and Debbie.
- OK. he's got his dolls.
so where does he go next?
- Oh. and why smash up
the place?
I mean. look at that TV.
Looks like he's used it
as a punching bag.
- What are those videos
on the ground?
- It seems like a mixed bag
of comedy shows.
solo performances.
bootleg specials.
how-to comedian videos.
- Wait. no. back it up.
That open DVD. what is that?
- "Live with Jeff Miller
and Mr. Bonkers:
A Killer Good Time."
- You don't think Jeff modeled
Mr. Bonkers
after Dylan. do you?
- That's exactly what I think.
- Hi. everybody.
I'm Jeff. and this is
my friend. Mr. Bonkers.
Come on out. Mr. Bonkers.
Say hi.
- I don't wanna.
- Why not?
What's there to be afraid of?
- It's just so humiliating.
- What?
Nobody's gonna laugh at you.
- I know. That's the trouble.
No one laughs.
- Well--
- But if I can't
kill 'em with comedy.
I'll hammer home the humor.
- That's a bit violent.
isn't it?
- And?
- Well. you can't just
go around killing people.
- Why not?
How do you think I got
these nifty striped pajamas?
- I'm guessing Dylan wasn't
too flattered about this.
- Nope. It's the ultimate
form of heckling.
If anything could trigger
Dylan's rage. it'd be this.
So he gets out of the Pit.
finds out that another comic
got famous using him
as the punchline.
He's going after Jeff next.
- Well. here we are.
Beautiful house.
All that touring money.
must be nice.
You know. the first time
I ever saw the special.
I was hiding out in a shelter
right after the blast.
They had a Goodwill
with all these $0.99 DVDs.
- Oh. my God.
with the sob story.
Why are we sitting
on our asses?
- Be nice.
Dylan needs time to process
everything. find his voice.
- I think
he's changing his mind.
- I'm not.
- You're making
the right decision.
It's been a long time coming.
This guy's gonna get
what he deserves.
- What do you think.
Dr. Debbie?
- It's like I always say.
Dylan.
you need to make
your own decisions.
- He's a hack.
- I want to hurt him.
- Then I think it's important
that you hurt him.
- I want him to feel
exactly how I felt
the first time
I saw that video.
Hey. Peter.
Knock. knock.
- Who's there?
- I'm-a.
- I'm-a who?
- I'm-a go kill Jeff.
- Knock. knock.
- You--
- No.
That's not how the joke goes.
- You shouldn't be here.
I'm calling the cops.
- I saw your act. Jeff.
I gotta say. I didn't laugh.
- Morales.
- Hey. Bex.
- How's Peck?
- He's still in surgery.
He lost a lot of blood.
I-I should have cleared
the whole house before I--
- Hey. stop.
Morales. none of this
is your fault. OK?
It was your quick thinking in
getting him to the hospital.
that is the reason he's alive.
- Yeah.
Yeah. OK.
- Look. I know that you
and Peck are close. OK?
When he comes out of surgery.
it's gonna be your face
that he wants to see.
- Get this guy. Bex.
- On it.
- It was a joke.
I thought you were dead.
Please.
just take the dummy.
Let me go.
- Stay still. please.
- I'll do anything you want.
Anything.
- Jeff.
meet Dead Jeff.
What do you think?
- You're insane.
- I don't think he likes us.
- Me neither.
- And I don't care.
- Hey. guys.
police just got to the scene.
Dylan and Jeff are both gone.
but there's clear evidence
of a struggle.
- Is there a body?
- No.
And from the looks of it.
this just became
an abduction case.
- Come on.
Get up.
- Please.
- I sent you the security
footage from Jeff's house.
This is from 30 minutes ago.
- He's keeping Jeff alive?
- Well. he took him alive.
Don't think the plan is
to keep him that way.
Question is. what is
he gonna do with him?
- OK. so Dylan's ultimate
trigger is humiliation.
It makes sense that
he's going after Jeff.
With Keith and Jane.
their kills were pragmatic.
He needed to remake
his dummies.
But Jeff is who
he really wants.
- Jeff!
I didn't know
you were coming in tonight.
Hey. are you OK?
- You don't have to do this.
- OK. well.
if this is about humiliation
like his other kills.
then I would say
he's planning something public.
- For that.
he'll need an audience.
- Hello. folks.
It's good to be back.
We're gonna start the show
a little early tonight.
I want to introduce you
to someone.
This is Dead Jeff.
Hey. Jeff.
Looks like you had
a rough night.
- You should see the other guy.
- All right. Ben.
what do you got?
- There are 12 dedicated
comedy clubs
in the greater Denver area
and another 18 venues
promoting open mics tonight.
We don't have time
to check them all.
- Wait. they both performed
at a place in Boulder called
the Colorado Comedy Club
back in 2015.
And it looks like
a few years ago.
Jeff Miller bought it.
- You know Jeff.
I don't think that was heaven.
- Go to hell.
- How many of you
recognize my friend here?
Who knows who
Dead Jeff is based on?
- Jeff Miller.
- You got it.
This is Dead Jeff Miller.
- Oh. you're hilarious.
- But. you know. really.
I should rename you
Not Dead Yet Jeff.
But what do you think?
Should I kill him?
I'm serious.
Who here thinks
I should kill Jeff?
- Um. I don't.
Does that count?
- No.
Come on.
Jeff "the Dud" Miller
got famous
off an act that wasn't his.
He stole it.
Did you all know that?
Mr. Bonkers?
Please.
I say we kill him.
Should I do it?
- Whoo!
- Yeah?
- No. no. don't do it!
- Hey. watch your background.
It's full of
friendlies in there.
- Copy that.
I'll circle around the front.
- Yeah. all right.
That was just the warm-up.
Buckle up. everyone.
- I'm calling the cops.
- This isn't funny.
- Oh. I disagree.
I think it's hilarious.
- FBI. drop your weapon!
- Everyone out! Get out.
Get out the nearest exit.
Keep your head low.
Stay calm.
Keep your heads down.
Keep moving.
You're all right.
just keep moving.
Get out.
Everybody out.
- It's over. Dylan.
You made your point. OK?
Let him go.
- My point?
He's a hack.
Got famous using me as a prop.
- And you wanted to humiliate
him in return. right?
Well done. you did that.
- Just one more step.
and I pop his head
like a cherry.
- You're not gonna do that.
Think about it. Dylan.
What's worse than dying?
Let him live with this.
He's the idiot who got
humiliated on his own stage
by his own dummy.
He will never recover
from that.
You want to humiliate
him forever?
Don't kill him.
Let him live.
Dylan. put the gun down.
- You're right.
My job is done.
Hey. Jeff.
what's red and full of holes?
Me.
No!
Don't send me back.
- I got him.
Shane. get the gun.
- Copy.
- You OK?
- All right.
- Yeah.
- You sure?
- Thank you.
- Come on.
- Hey. Ben.
we're gonna need an ambulance.
- Copy. contacting dispatch.
ETA ten minutes.
- Easy there.
Those are some pretty
heavy painkillers.
- These pills are good.
- Let's get you to bed
before they wear off.
- That sounds nice.
Have I told you
how beautiful you are?
OK there. Casanova.
You can tell me that
when you're sober.
- Okay.
- Shane just sat down to dinner
with Lazarus.
- Got it.
Find anything on
Noah Cyrus and the convoy?
- Nothing in there.
- Searched everything.
This place is clean.
- Yeah. because she's too smart
to leave anything around
for us to find.
Getting shot hurts.
- I don't know
what you expected.
Here. let me help you.
There we go.
- Hey. what happened here?
You been out shooting
a rifle or something?
- Shh.
Uh--
- But I-I thought
that you said you--
you didn't shoot.
Secret stuff.
- What do you mean?
- We don't talk about missions.
- Tango down. All clear.
In position.
- Breach. Breach.
- Target eliminated.